
1. Disclaimer of warranties and indemnity

1.1 thdal makes no warranties, conditions, undertakings or representations of any kind, either express or implied, statutory or otherwise in relation to the software
including without limitation any implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, satisfactory quality, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or arising
from course of dealing, usage or trade. Some states/jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above exclusion may not apply to you and you may
have other legal rights that vary from state to state or by jurisdictions. Without limitation to the foregoing, thdal does not warrant that the software will meet your
requirements or that the operation of the software will be error free or uninterrupted or that defects in the software will be corrected. 

1.2 thdal does not represent that you are entitled to remove any third party applications and disclaims liability for any recommendations made by thdal, its employees and 
sub-contractors in connection with your use of the licensed product. 

1.3 You shall fully and effectively indemnify thdal for any claim, action, proceeding, liability or expense suffered by thdal as a result of your use of the licensed product. 

2. Limitation of liability 

2.1 You use the software at your own risk. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall thdal be liable to you or to those claiming through you for any
direct, indirect, consequential, incidental or special damage or loss of any kind including, but not limited to, loss of profits, loss of contracts, business interruptions, loss
of or corruption of information or data however caused and whether arising under contract or tort, including negligence, even if thdal has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 

2.2 If any limitation, exclusion, disclaimer or other provision contained in this licence agreement is held to be invalid for any reason by a court of competent jurisdiction and thdal
becomes liable thereby for loss or damage that may lawfully be limited, such liability whether in contract, tort or otherwise, will not exceed the fee paid by you for the software."
                
                